# Super Calculadora

## Overview
SuperCalculadora is a state-of-the-art calculator designed to perform basic arithmetic operations. This project includes automated tests to ensure the correctness of the calculator's functionality, using a Java-based framework with TestNG, Cucumber, and ExtentReports for comprehensive testing and reporting.

## Features
- Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division operations
- Support for floating-point arithmetic
- Automated testing using TestNG and Cucumber
- Detailed test reports generated by ExtentReports

## Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or higher
- Maven
- Docker

## Setup

### Clone the Repository
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Luca-De-Maio/calculator-java-cucumber
```

```sh
cd superCalculadora
```
## Running tests

### Run all test
```sh
mvn test
```
### View Test Reports
After running the tests, you can view the HTML report generated by ExtentReports:
- Open target/cucumber-reports/extent-report.html in your web browser.

## Project Structure
```css
superCalculadora/
├── src/
│   ├── main/
│   │   └── java/
│   └── test/
│       ├── java/
│       │   ├── com/
│       │   │   └── calculator/
│       │   │       ├── steps/
│       │   │       │   └── CalculatorSteps.java
│       │   │       ├── runners/
│       │   │       │   └── TestRunner.java
│       │   │       └── ExtentReportListener.java
│       │   └── resources/
│       │       └── features/
│       │           └── operation.feature
├── pom.xml
└── README.md
```

## Usage
To use the calculator via Docker, run the following command:

```sh
docker run --rm public.ecr.aws/l4q9w4c5/loanpro-calculator-cli <operation> <num1> <num2>
```
Where operation can be add, subtract, multiply, or divide, and num1 and num2 are the numbers to operate on.

## Work products
- [Test plan](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
- [Test cases](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
- [Bug report](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) 

## Contributing
If you wish to contribute to the project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request. For major changes, please open an issue to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact
For any inquiries, please contact Luca De Maio.
